wash there's a big fight in this state
and and frankly across the country on uh
on the use and really the overuse of
charter schools particularly in this
state right now mayor de Blasio has
really I mean it's not wholesale change
he has tweaked and rejected maybe I
don't know what percentage it would be
five percent ten percent twenty percent
or something like that of the requests
for charters to co-locate what happens
with charters particularly in New York
City is the charters will will form they
are not regulated in the same way by the
city in this case they don't have
teachers unions they don't have the same
requirements or they don't fulfill the
same requirements we should say for
teaching kids with special needs they
are self-selecting in terms of the
students they let in there and some
charter schools do very well on the
whole charge do not outperform public
schools some instances they willfully
underperform they also are rife with
scams frankly and double-dealing and so
what happens is they come in and they
suck off the public schools resources
when they co-locate they necessarily
push a public school out of the building
or limited its capacity to provide
services and so the mayor has taken very
moderate steps to moderate how much
this gets a he approved he proved 36 out
of 45 applications for collocations just
to give you a sense but these charters
are backed by hedge funds and huge money
corporate money and so you hear about it
as if it's bloody murder